Update DocDB docs (#912)
localstack/docs: content/en/references/configuration.md

| `BIGDATA_DOCKER_NETWORK` | | Network the bigdata should be connected to. The LocalStack container has to be connected to that network as well. Per default, the bigdata container will be connected to a network LocalStack is also connected to.
| `BIGDATA_DOCKER_FLAGS` | | Additional flags for the bigdata container. Same restrictions as `LAMBDA_DOCKER_FLAGS`.

### DocumentDB

| Variable | Example Values | Description |
| - | - | - |

> | `DOCDB_PROXY_CONTAINER` | `0` (default) \|`1` | Whether the DocumentDB starts the MongoDB container proxied over LocalStack container. When enabled lambdas can use the `LOCALSTACK_HOSTNAME` env to connect to the DocumentDB. By default the container starts without proxy as standalone container. |

Reviewer: maybe "lambda functions" instead of just "lambdas"?
```suggestion
| `DOCDB_PROXY_CONTAINER` | `0` (default) \|`1` | Whether the DocumentDB starts the MongoDB container proxied over LocalStack container. When enabled lambda functions can use the `LOCALSTACK_HOSTNAME` env to connect to the DocumentDB. By default the container starts without proxy as standalone container. |
```
